Add collection Contain with occurrence constraint (#238)
AwesomeAssertions/AwesomeAssertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

---
## Unreleased

### What's new

> * Added overload for collection `Contain` to assert of occurrences - [#238](https://github.com/AwesomeAssertions/AwesomeAssertions/pull/238)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added overload for collection's `Contain` to assert the occurrences - [#238](https://github.com/AwesomeAssertions/AwesomeAssertions/pull/238)
```
